transparent displays have been one of
the biggest stories at CES this year
which is cool but why well it turns out
I had to leave the show floor and the
strip entirely to find an actually good
reason for a transparent display vo is a
smaller company that has a pretty big
idea about what these transparent
displays can actually be used for and
that's solving one of the biggest
problems with video conferencing which
is like you're never looking at the
camera so they put a camera behind it
and it looks
like
well that's no good this is the vo Hol
deck t55 a 55 in transparent display and
as you can see right here there's a big
old camera hiding behind it I guess it's
not really hiding it is
transparent but it's not just any webcam
it's especially selected webcam by vo
that helps overcome some of the problems
that we're seeing on this display right
here like these weird gross yucky lines
Why are those lines there anyways well
even if it's called a transparent TV
there's some some things that just can't
be transparent such as your OLED pixel
layer no matter what you're going to see
the electronics that are going to
actually emit light and along with this
ghosting you can see these lines that's
the camera actually picking up the
pixels of the OLED display the reason
there's doing this awful strobing kind
of thing is due to the timing of the
lighting that we have and the mismatch
between the timing of the display it
turns out there's a lot of hardware and
software problems to solve to take an
image that looks like this and turn it
into something that looks like this but
why put the camera behind the display
isn't that gonna like hurt image quality
uh yes it's going to hurt it a little
bit but the idea is that it's going to
make video conferencing and
communicating way more simple no more
are you going to be looking up at the
top for your webcam when you want to
like really address somebody or looking
at a host of people that are all kind of
looking down at their screens aren't
making eye contact which is like you
know remember how tiring that was in Co
there there's a lot of people who are
still doing tons of video conferencing
and are still getting the same weird
exhaustion from all of the strange
communication errors that happen because
of video now this is a 40% transparent
display lets about 40% of the light
through you can see there's a pretty
clear difference between my hand being
in the front and in the back and at this
size 55 in it is just 1080p resolution
why well the amount of light you can get
through the panel will go down with
pixel density and that's a big problem
for these cameras we've seen behind
display cameras before from phones from
like Oppo or even Samsung but the
difference is that those had to
sacrifice pixel density in a small area
and the big task was trying to hide that
camera unlike those phones there is no
sacrifice to picture quality for your
display on this monitor even on smaller
models like their 30-in display this is
a very prototype version of it they have
to maintain that same pixel density
meaning that at 30 in you're only
getting a 720p display
which not that great it's not really
ideal as say your main monitor but if
you're somebody whose work involves a
lot of teaching students or making a lot
of video calls to clients or something
this would be a great secondary monitor
because you can get that extra level of
connection and they do a lot of really
cool things with it and we'll show you
that in a bit but for now let's talk a
little bit more about some of the tech
that they've had to introduce to get rid
of all of that nastiness this is the
enclosed version of that 30in display
that we looked at over there but what
it's missing is a software and Hardware
level of processing for the video ignore
these lines here uh this is part of a
lot of the other features that they have
jam-packed into this display like hand
tracking but what I'm trying to get at
as you can see is that since I put my
hand in front you can see that there's a
ghost outline of my fingers right I go I
point in and then suddenly there's this
bigger ghosting around here that's due
to inter internal Reflections from going
through the layers of glass which is a
problem but with enough clever software
and Hardware trickery they can
completely eliminate that and the final
effect like we saw earlier is pretty
cool let's go back to that demo after a
word from our sponsor be quiet thanks to
be quiet for sponsoring our 2024 CES
coverage if you're shopping for your
next PC build or just new components in
general make sure to check out be quiet
their premium products include power
supplies case fans PC cases for said
case fans all-in-one water coolers and
high performance air coolers with fruits
in Germany they've been in the industry
for more than 20 years and specialize in
making high quality parts that are hard
to hear this year at CES they're
showcasing new white PC cases white fans
and even white hard drive cages step
into the world of quiet cooling with be
quiet at the link down below now there's
a lot more benefits than just an
improvement to the comfort of video
chatting there's actually some evidence
that something called embodied learning
where you are seeing a person in the
frame doing stuff like you know moving
text around or writing out their
thoughts in front of you kind of like
you're in a classroom brings improved
engagement and learning outcomes for
students or even just you know your
co-workers so a huge benefit of this is
now that I can be in the middle of the
frame and be teaching stuff to people
obviously we don't need to do this via a
transparent thing we don't need to do
this but we using their conferencing
software you're able to stare directly
at people it makes you feel like you're
present and it's going to improve the
experience and even maybe improve
learning outcomes for the people that
are watching you which is pretty dang
neat yeah we've dimmed the lights and
that's going to help this display but
honestly it it looks pretty good for
being you know seethrough um you can
kind of see the camera structure a
little bit in the middle especially when
it's like there's nothing on the display
that's something that we just don't see
when you have the enclosed background
because you're not going to have as much
pass through from behind cuz well it's
enclosed um but overall it's it's kind
of kind of cool and another interesting
thing is that it has a 120 HZ refresh
rate so technically you could game on
it but obviously that's not really the
target demo for this and you can kind of
get a glimpse of what the target demo is
by looking at the pricing this 55-in
model is going to go for
$8500 which is a lot but they're
targeting businesses this is something
that you're going to put in a conference
room it's a tool that's going to help
you make more money so that's why
charging that kind of Premium it's not
really the exact the consumer facing
device going to this smaller 30-in 720p
display that's enclosed you're going to
be seeing a price tag of 2500 and the
transparent version will be 3,000 they
also have a ton of other features that
are going to be put into these monitors
obviously we got these vanity lights you
also have like things like hand tracking
they're basically trying to make the
ultimate all-in-one solution for
communication and vo plans to ship in
summer of 2024 and I think what they
have right now is pretty dang cool
thanks to vo for letting us take a look
at their display Tech and thank you for
watching short circuit if you want to
see more CES coverage Please Subscribe
because that's where it's going to be
right here on the channel